# Unique-Fps
This is a game that is experimenting on FPS concepts

# Cycle (Work In Progress)
## First/Third Person Competitive Ability Shooter
### Player is a fantasy future like knight, wielding a gun that is customizable with different abilities and firing types, the guns is a living being as well though with a voice and some have some features of their previous selves still attached to the gun. For example, if one was covered with many many eyes in its original form, then when it was engineered into a weapon, the weapon would most likely still have some eyes across it.
### The New Ones, can take two different forms, their original forms which vary widely, but most of the time resemble some sort of creature that would be on earth mixed with different creatures, and sometimes with a unique spin on it. When they change form, they can change into a humanoid shape, it is still pretty obvious that they are a New One, but they can resemble humans. 
### Guns are sentient beings that we do not know much about. Think a cross over of Kaiju-8 weapons that are infused with the numbered monsters, and Kayn’s scythe / Aatrox’s sword.
## Gameplay
### Valorant like game play that is mixed with more elements of overwatch.
### Somewhat speedy movement with a medium time to kill, that is not to punishing on small mistakes but can be very punishing if a player is entirely out of position. 
### Experimenting with the idea of making an isometric game, where the starting defenders or the members of The Cycle are a team of 5 players, and the starting attackers, the New Ones are a pair of 2.
### The starting defenders will be members of The Cycle who are wielding bio weapons that are made from New Ones. The weapons they wield have been modified to look and function as guns, but they can do so much more than regular guns. Each gun has its own personality, with its own specific play style. There will be many different archetypes, DPS, Tank, Healer, etc. However the player will be a human, and they will be interacting with the weapon, but the weapons don’t just change the user, once the New Ones are created and modified into weapons, they can only be used by a select person, this is who the player will get to choose. The player that is chosen does not change anything except the base stats, heath, speed, etc. but the gun attached to the player is what changed the damage stats, like base damage, fire rate, and ability damage.
### The starting attackers will be the New Ones. It will be a pair of two who’s base stats are hiked up to be worth the average of 2.5 defenders for balancing. They have abilities of their own, but with these the abilities come from within and they do not use man made things, only the things that they can produce themselves with their special abilities. 
### Matches anywhere from 2 players on 2 players to 5 on 5
###New game mode, name TBD, one team is tasked with defending a new kind of weapon, that was stolen from the other team. The defenders must stop the attackers from taking the weapon back, however, if the attackers manage to steal back the weapon from the defenders and bring it back to their hideout. The whole match style switches, and the original defenders become the attackers who need to steal back the weapon for the agency they work for. And the original attackers are now the defenders. 
## Setting for the game
### Takes place in the future, but not a dystopian future, just somewhat into the future where this event has happened that has caused these new aliens to come arise, these new aliens could have human forms or their animals forms, but they are roughly the same size as humans, but much different in biology. 
### There are three main sides, that are constantly somewhat fighting over power of who gets to control the world, and the general population. 
## The Government
### They were the original ones to deal with the New Ones once they arrived, but the population soon began coming up with conspiracy theories that centered around the fact that the government was doing shady things with the New Ones one they disposed of them. Leading the Government to create a new secret agency called The Cycle.
## The Cycle
### This secret task force is comprised of a wide variety of people, biologists, ex-marine’s, engineers and many more. The main goal of this agency is to fight back against the attacks of the New Ones, by any means necessary , with the general population not knowing the wiser. They have found out that the New Ones can be dissected, and turned into bio-weapons that can be used to generate more firepower than any other man Mande weapon. Some people outside of The Cycle know of what this agency is really up to, but even the government is not fully sure about what goes down here as it has now been under new management for some time.
## The New Ones
### A group of Aliens that started appearing one day, mostly from the ocean but really could appear anywhere, they can take on human form, but most of the time they choose to be in their natural alien form which is not much bigger than a human but can carry wildly across the different kinds. Their motive is unknown, and when they show up they mostly just cause destruction. People have yet to successfully communicate with a New One. No one knows where they came from, what their motives are, but they have a strong connection to one another, even though they rarely are seen together.
